docs: update /usr/local references. (#11717)
Homebrew/brew: docs/FAQ.md

## Why should I install Homebrew in the default location?

Homebrew's pre-built binary packages (known as [bottles](Bottles.md)) of many packages can only be used if you install in the default installation prefix, otherwise they have to be built from source. Building from source takes a long time, is prone to fail, and is not supported. Do yourself a favour and install to the default prefix so that you can use our pre-built binary packages. The default prefix is `/usr/local` for macOS on Intel, `/opt/homebrew` for macOS on Apple Silicon/ARM, and `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` for Linux. *Pick another prefix at your peril!*

## Why is the default installation prefix `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon?

> The prefix `/opt/homebrew` was chosen to allow `/opt/homebrew` Apple Silicon and `/usr/local` Rosetta 2 installation to coexist and both use bottles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prefix `/opt/homebrew` was chosen to allow installations in `/opt/homebrew` for Apple Silicon and `/usr/local` for Rosetta 2 to coexist and use bottles.
```
